# Privacy Policy

## Custom Stickers Extension for Microsoft Teams Application, Privacy Statement

### Effective date: November 11, 2019

This Privacy Policy describes Sticker practices regarding the
collection, use and disclosure of the information we collect from you
when you use Custom Stickers Extension in Microsoft Teams Application.
The data you transfer to or our server and any information you provide
for this purpose, is a serious responsibility, and this is how we will
be handing it. By accessing or using our Extension, you agree to this
Privacy Policy.

### Collection and Use of Information

Custom Stickers Extension allows you to save images and share to others.
The uploaded images will save to the storage and to the public CDN, but
only you can list all of your images. Microsoft Teams Application to
enable you to access your image list. We do not retain or use the data
thus collected for any other purposes.

Custom Stickers Extension does not collect, process or store any
personal information, including your user name, name and email address
or non-personal information from you.

When you use the Custom Stickers Extension, our servers automatically
record certain information in server logs. These server logs include
information such as your web request, browser type and settings,
referring / exit pages and URLs, number of clicks and how you interact
with links on the Extension, pages viewed, date and time stamp
information and other such information. Log files help us to monitor,
analyze, improve and maintain the Extension and to diagnose and fix any
Plugin-related issues.

## Changes to our Privacy Statement

We may change the Privacy Statement from time to time as and when the
Application version is modified, and Users will be notified of any
change in Privacy Statement through that version of the Application
